docs - note on license (#54586)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/sdk/quickstart.md

This setup:

- Is only for evaluation and local development (so you can see how the SDK works).

> - Works on both the Enterprise and Open Source editions of Metabase, but it only works on localhost. If you want to use the SDK in production, you'll also need to [set up JWT SSO authentication](./authentication.md), which requires the Enterprise Edition Docker image or JAR and a license token (available on [Pro and Enterprise plans](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/)).

Author: ```suggestion
- Works on both the Enterprise and Open Source editions of Metabase, but it only works on localhost. If you want to use the SDK in production, you'll also need to [set up JWT SSO authentication](./authentication.md), which requires a license token and either the Enterprise Edition Docker image or JAR. You can get a license with a [Pro or Enterprise plan](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/).
```

> - Works on both the Enterprise and Open Source editions of Metabase, but it only works on localhost. If you want to use the SDK in production, you'll also need to [set up JWT SSO authentication](./authentication.md), which requires a license token and either the Enterprise Edition Docker image or JAR. You can get a license with a [Pro or Enterprise plan](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/).

Reviewer: >which requires a license token and either the Enterprise Edition Docker image or JAR

Should we mention Pro or Enterprise plan explicitly? It might not be clear what this means for cloud customers.
